information on the cherry tree crossing
shooting the grand jury cleared the two
deputies involved in the shooting death
of 23 year old justin Elmo the report
news 12 obtained today says deputies
Michael Hodge and Jose Rivera Ortiz were
acting on a tip that Elmore and three
others had drugs guns and ammo inside
the SUV news 12 Katie Beasley joins us
now with what is in those GBI documents
the dash cam video tells a story and so
does this 400 page investigation into
the shooting death of Justin Elmore it
includes witness accounts evidence taken
and medical records the GBI report shows
Justin Elmore was shot once in the head
when officers opened the front door of
the SUV they found Elmore slumped over
and unconscious that Sunday afternoon in
December deputy Michael Hodge got word
from an informant that Elmore was
driving a black suburban with tinted
windows and was not alone they said
three other men were with him and guns
drugs and ammo were inside less than an
hour later deputy Hodge and deputy Jose
Rivera Ortiz tried to stop the SUV
Elmore was driving Elmore crashes into a
fence the report says eight shots are
fired five hit the vehicle to went into
a nearby home with children inside one
hitting a loveseat and the other hit
Elmore in the head both deputies say
they believe the other was in danger and
was about to get run over deputy Ortiz
reported seeing tunnel vision when the
car came at him at this point Elmore is
rushed to MCG where he later died
investigators take his possessions
Elmore was carrying more than eight
hundred dollars in cash 30 bullets in
less than an ounce of marijuana were
also found inside the SUV a toxicology
report would also show that Elmore had
marijuana in his system at the time of
his death now initially we were told
back in December the suburban Justin
Elmore was driving was stolen in the GBI
report there is a black tahoe SUV that
was in the process of being reported
stolen at the time of the shooting which
explains some of the confusion again the
report says Elmore had bought his SUV
two days before the shooting what about
the deputies a day back to work yet they
have been on both both Hodge and Rivera
Ortiz have been on administrator
duty since the shooting back in December
we're told they're off today but they
will go into back onto regular road
patrol tomorrow not in the housing
detail a lot of information in those 400
pages today